happy Saturday risers hope you all are
safe and well sagar and i are back to
some of our favorite moments from our
interviews this week planet of the
humans executive director michael moore
was accused of attacking climate change
leaders and urging population control in
his new documentary but he told us this
week people deserve to know the truth
about the not so green side of renewable
energy sources here's what he had to say
we saw some of our environmental groups
hopping into bed with corporate america
and you've seen this happen over the
last decade oh they're all they all they
all gone green oh they're all helped
help the big green thing and and they
saw basically that enough of us believed
in green because we want to live we want
this planet to live and so and so they
saw wow there's the supply and demand
right there the demand is for green
let's give them green and let's make a
lot of money off it certainly i the
failure of the movement has been to
address this this serious flaw which is
we are not going to save the planet or
ourselves by allowing Wall Street hedge
funds corporate America to be anywhere
near us as we try to fix yeah that was a
really interesting and honest I didn't
know all that much about the film and
the controversy surrounding it and you
know we had Josh Fox on as always to
rebut that and because it caused so much
but I think that it's a it's a valid
point so much of what he's saying which
is that and he talked about green
washing like LEED certificate and all in
the way that corporate America is able
to buy off a lot of the activist
movement and much of that with rhetoric
and with programs and all that while
realistically if you actually care about
what you're saying
then this is my something that you want
to be considered I don't think there's
anything wrong with that and I think
that much of the criticism leveled at
the field is more about protecting a
political legitimacy within somebody
else's movement than anything else I did
a lot of research on this and it's very
thorny and we did have Josh Fox on who's
the filmmaker behind guy
slán who was the activist who was
leading the fight against this film who
got it pulled a lot of other thinkers
and the movement signed on to that
letter and they make a few points I mean
one of the points they make because the
sense of the central theme of the film
is that renewable energy is not the
panacea that you think it is that relies
on these dirty industrial processes that
it doesn't produce nearly the amount of
energy that we would need and that you
can't pretend like technology is just
gonna fix this thing we're gonna have to
fundamentally rethink the way that we
live and if you're not serious about
that you're not serious about dealing
with the issue I think that that is a
real point I also think that they were
sloppy in some of the ways that they
went about it they did use technology
that was out of date they did take some
cheap shots or some of the people who
are involved in the film so they sort of
let left themselves open for criticism
and yet I do also think that they make
certain points that are incredibly
important and so because this is thorny
we've brought you both sides of it I
hope that you all will take the time to
watch both the interviews and if you're
interested in it the film which has
gotten millions and millions of views I
mean it really touched you nerd for sure
absolutely so I really enjoyed it all
right and this week's bombshell reports
that were released they corroborated
some details of Tara Reid's accusations
against Joe Biden 1993 Larry King Live
video resurfaced that featured Tara's
mother calling in to the show to talk
about her daughter's alleged assault
investigative reporter rich McHugh he
interviewed Tara's former neighbor at
the time of the alleged assault
lindalequesne and Tara's mentor after
she left Biden's Senate office Loreen
Sanchez here's what he told us about
both of those accounts in his reporting
I interviewed her four times because I
was like I need to make sure that the
story she's telling me doesn't change
and so it never did but in that I said
you know is there any axe to grind here
or is there something you're you know
politically going after and she said no
in fact I am a lifelong Democrat and I
will be you know regardless I will be
voting for Joe Biden but this needs to
be said because it did happen she did
tell me this and so when I heard that I
was like that you know she's entirely
credible I couldn't find anything in her
past that
that refutes that and this this other
allegation or this other this other
voice coming port is a woman named
Lorraine Sanchez who worked mentored
basically Tara in 1995 and 994 and
through 96 after working and senator
Biden's office and she basically says
that our arrived there she news she will
counted the story of sexual harassment
not assault she didn't save any assault
and she didn't say Biden but she said
Tara was definitely terrified and
traumatized but what had happened to her
working in DC with by her former boss
now rich is a real reporter who's been
tracking out in this story used to work
he was a producer for a Ronan Farrow
when they you know we're chasing down
the stories on Harvey wines like he
really knows what he's doing in all of
this and had this bombshell report that
came out providing significant
corroboration for Tara's claims and yet
as we covered here on the show no one
except for Fox has asked him to come on
a talk you know we hear all this
hammering about where the week let's
rely on the journalist and let's not
have it be litigated on Twitter etc
great rely on the journalist here's a
terrific one he was happy to come on our
show I'm sure he would be happy to
accept some requests elsewhere as well
have we heard any of this from him on
any of these ship no no you're gonna
have more revealed and Ben Smith who we
had on the show yesterday had a column
very much expanding on what he was
talking about in his Friday and his
Thursday appearance what did he talk
about in that piece he scooped that rich
approached Vanity Fair with this story
and that they turned it down so we had
to go to business insider as a freelance
journalist why is Vanity Fair a magazine
which has run so many of these me two
stories and it covers this why did they
turn that down I think you know the yeah
I mean huge bombshell scoop and they
pass who passes on that unbelieva must
you have a political agenda well there
you go
finally we had on great friend of the
show and former national co-chair for
the Sanders campaign Nina Turner she
weighed in on Jeff Weaver's new
progressive well not progressive I don't
know new super PAC will call it that
here's that response but you know
everybody is to choose their path and so
that is
to do even though there are many of us
in the movement not agree with you so
what can we do we continue to forge a
progressive fight against not only
tactics like that but continue the
mission of this movement which is to
live and and get better for people than
what they have right now and we need to
change the face of politics and to get
excess of big money out of politics
forming super PACs in that way do not
talk that further more progressives on
the burning left most of them are not
going to be supportive of that action
and will probably most likely not donate
to that a piece of it is the antithesis
of what the Sanders campaign was
fighting for it dawns on every single
heat of that campaign everything that we
were fighting to transform it to change
so I stomp oak say in the country that
dog doesn't mean this cake do this is a
real controversy on the left this week
when it was reported I think by the New
York Times that Jeff Weaver his longtime
advisor of senator Sanders who was with
him in the 2016 campaign or with him as
a senior advisor in this campaign was
one of the people who reportedly was
pressuring Bernie to get out of the race
and started ago shooting those terms
turns right around and starts a super
PAC not just now needs to protect but
one explicitly to help Joe Biden get
elected
yeah that was a hard thing to watch yeah
it certainly was I mean I mean it's
interesting I do think to see about how
they're having to grapple with this
movement I see various like fractures
within the post Bernie left and that
certainly is one of them which is I mean
not only progressives by the way but he
was trying to get progressive to vote
for Joe Biden right with a super PAC I
was like wow that's something that's
both certainly something that doesn't
for us as always please like share and
subscribe we're gonna be back later
today with a great segment with Katie
helper bringing down the week that was
in media screw-ups and tomorrow we're
gonna go back for another round of hash
tag rising queues we'll see you guys
then